# Variables Accepted
# date: format must be YYYY-MM-DD
# type: Community, Governance, Ontology
# materials: slides, recording, notes

- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2017-09-27
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Lpivo88SigvYmpLnqfdz0IUz9M-Ojsm2
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Eoghan Casey provided a status update on CASE/UCO, and proposed a vote on the name change of ‘ForensicAction’ to ‘InvestigativeAction’
    bullet2: Cory Hall explained that MITRE is adding two software engineers to integrate CASE/UCO into U.S. Government tools, provide community reference implementations and documentation, and act as technical POC for community developers
    bullet3: Erik Hjelmvik discussed his experience implementing CASE/UCO within Network Miner Pro
    bullet4: Sean Barnum provided an overview of FireEye’s Information Integration Strategy and adoption plan for CASE/UCO
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2017-10-25
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1GnGi7lGDTGORohFLpY5uSoqR3gZk2GFh
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Representing network connections in PCAP file
    bullet2: Mapping to known files/media databases
    bullet3: Need for relativeFilePath property
    bullet4: Referencing large files (e.g., forensic images)
    bullet5: Proposal to representing deleted files
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2017-11-29
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1vuJ5EGbq0rXPEw-dyEl7hIC2fzKsx81M
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: MITRE developers discussed validator roadmap, and enhancements to Plaso CASE API
    bullet2: Alex Nelson presented initial translation library between DFXML and CASE
    bullet3: Final proposal for representing deleted files
    bullet4: Reorganization of ucoProject and CASE GitHub
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-01-31
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/prb12ub2bih8/
    recording: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/pvghuni2anxb/
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Voting on proposed updates to CASE
    bullet2: CASE API - case.py & NLG.py
    bullet3: CASE Glossary verifier - verify.py
    bullet4: Volatility implementation of CASE
    bullet5: CASE implementation workshop details
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-02-28
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1LfrDo6rCi7fH5AKR1TqBzGeJjlhmazfa
    recording: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/p46asf7ci1vc/
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Voting on proposed updates to CASE/UCO
    bullet2: Looking at the turtle (ttl) - RDF/OWL
    bullet3: GitHub harmonization
    bullet4: Plaso module mapping updates
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-04-04
  type: Community
  materials:
    recording: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/pk4dt8ue2031/
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: New proposed updates to CASE/UCO
    bullet2: MITRE RDF verifier code release
    bullet3: Volatility PoC code release
    bullet4: License discussion (Apache 2)
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-04-25
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1j2QWLsx2zPLwClp4ZtMf0ARvZxzNlxBk
    recording: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/p5unsly0vc5r/
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Voting on proposed updates to CASE/UCO
    bullet2: Representing Contacts using CASE/UCO
    bullet3: CASE workshop recap
    bullet4: CASE roadmap
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-05-30
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Kndm7pbhujkCY4FJA2ClCwd8GrvzlL3d
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Proposal reminders
    bullet2: CASE licensing
    bullet3: Request for community members to run RDFDiff
    bullet4: Adoption of CASE Python API into other languages
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-07-25
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1gL0EUhNIv57nijLepmr9W6WFcvy3bVgf
    recording: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/prumef063or3/
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Usage convention for InvestigativeAction
    bullet2: Refinement to Mobile Accounts
    bullet3: Tool mapping updates
    bullet4: GitHub updates and community requests
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-08-29
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1yTB7kHK1C-aoWmOfZejPwYe1OkkZD1fd
    recording: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/pqhpquvob6cm/
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: JSON examples and documentation
    bullet2: API auto-generation scripts proof-of-concept
    bullet3: Proposed governance model
    bullet4: dc3dd proof-of-concept
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-09-26
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1fcrPJRBVFtiC6cMdrJhnZFyEHA_AjeFM
    recording: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/pz9ucfayt4dc/
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Community roadmap updates
    bullet2: Draft bylaws and adoption schedule
    bullet3: Usage examples of CASE/UCO
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-10-31
  type: Community
  materials:
    recording: https://caseuco.adobeconnect.com/p9llq6uzrzto/
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: CASE community interactions
    bullet2: Final review of bylaws
    bullet3: Voting on governance structure
- title: CASE Community Virtual Meeting
  date: 2018-11-28
  type: Community
  materials:
    slides: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1blXTnIx4dcYEp3RLFRoR8Sj1Cacv_QSz
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Bylaws Acceptance Update
    bullet2: Community Director Nominations Update
    bullet3: Community Roadmap
    bullet4: Getting ready for CASE Ontology Committee
    bullet5: EVIDENCE2-eCODEX Meeting Outbrief
- title: CASE Adoption Workshop for Mobile Forensic Tool Developers
  date: 2018-12-06
  type: Community
  materials:
    recording: https://unewhaven.zoom.us/recording/share/ozZgZbL6PQVeS_UGB-R9vhrkZLuINeL-2NlUB1LTClWwIumekTziMw
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Mobile forensic tool developers discuss common needs and issues with adopting CASE
    bullet2: Presentations from Martin Westman (MSAB) and Nicholaos Matskanis (CETIC)
    bullet3: Discussion to build translator tools for popular tools
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-01-30
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=19ioSTt8p0HDAyXLVzRO0J9X90ycuBfmK
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Review CASE Community Code of Conduct
    bullet2: Review Community Membership Forms
    bullet3: Review Ontology Committee Charter
    bullet4: Review proposed community budget for 2019
    bullet5: Discuss establishment of membership dues structure
    bullet6: DFRWS EU CASE Workshop Planning
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-02-12
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=13PHrRWQr2PeY9HItLgiVwJDRYdXrgJay
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: CASE Treasurer Announcement
    bullet2: Review Ontology Committee Charter Updates
    bullet3: CASE Community Membership Application Review
    bullet4: Domain name identified - caseontology.org selected by vote
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-02-14
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Alex Nelson appointed as Chair of the Ontology Committee
    bullet2: Ontology Committee Charter is awaiting Governance Committee's final approval
    bullet3: CASE and UCO working to outline the alignment of both ontology efforts
    bullet4: Reviewed the Ontology Committee Operations Guide for suggestions/input
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-02-28
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rQYjP7TyjkLUsp6rfpmirXRGgmIcq2jO
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Ontology Committee Charter Vote Update
    bullet2: Membership Application Update
    bullet3: Membership Requests
    bullet4: Privacy Policy Update
    bullet5: Changes to Bylaws
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-02-28
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Governance Committee still making final adjustments to the Ontology Committee Charter
    bullet2: UCO is working to update its syntax but will not restructure UCO's ontology
    bullet3: UCO and CASE communities working on defining a statement that reflects CASE's formal inheritance of UCO
    bullet4: Operations Guide still going through the review process
    bullet5: "'CASE standard' is the case.ttl file and mappings/adoption/implementation will need to publish a reference to the .ttl version used"
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-03-28
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1oF6BPI3ctpNu2jg3A_ACmDSBwdnbmvkV
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Establishment of Community as Non-Profit Discussion
    bullet2: Membership Request Presentation and Approval
    bullet3: Website Establishment and Github Migration Update
    bullet4: UCO Community SOP
    bullet5: Advisory Board Discussion
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-03-28
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: "Discussed 'Demarcating line' between UCO and CASE. UCO is general domain and CASE is specific to investigative vocabulary"
    bullet2: Discussed agenda for DFRWS-EU Workshop and The June Workshop
    bullet3: Decided that CASE needs to establish basic illustrative, demonstrative, and normative implementation examples for new community members
    bullet4: "New representation of a few concepts: mobile orientation (SIM card), chat messages, custom objects/attributes, cloud-based traces, etc."
    bullet5: Discussed current hindrances for updating the case.ttl
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-04-30
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: FRWS-EU Workshop was a success, questions were written up and submitted to the Ontology Committee Chair
    bullet2: "Discussed the 'Status of Work Items' spreadsheet"
    bullet3: Discussed Trello card archiving and other possibilities
    bullet4: Discussed the steps required to formally accept the Ontology Committee Operations Guide
    bullet5: "Change Proposal: 'Store CASE in RDF/XML' was introduced"
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-05-21
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: "Discussed the desired outcome of The June Workshop: define a level of formality to achieve CASE and interoperability within other communities (i.e. STIX, ATT&CK, CVE, etc.)"
    bullet2: "Discussed 'Store CASE in RDF/XML' Change Proposal. Developer decided to leave CASE in TTL and would convert to RDF/XML as needed"
    bullet3: Update RDF/XML Change Proposal to reflect normalization of the Turtle content
    bullet4: Still working/discussing CASE Namespace and CASE Resource Overview topics
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-06-06
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1KlBEpmrth6BIwVRj5-BvttKLUtcHHFZe
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Membership Requests and Appointments
    bullet2: CASE Workshop Agenda
    bullet3: UCO Community SOP Status
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-06-18
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Covered logistics and agenda for The June Workshop
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-08-01
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: UCO released v0.3.0 in July
    bullet2: Discussed JIRA for Sprint management
    bullet3: CASE Adoption Committee Charter sent for review by Governance Committee
    bullet4: Aim to have a Change Proposal on basing the CASE RDF namespace on caseontology.org in voting state by October meeting
    bullet5: Established a working document to address CASE's concept coverage (MVP)
    bullet6: Began work on confirming concept coverage for some MVP concepts
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-09-19
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Committee feedback approved the move from Trello to JIRA
    bullet2: Change Proposal for CASE namespace was voted to proceed to development
    bullet3: "Reviewed requirements for three additional Change Proposals: 'Ontology normalization procedure,' 'CASE’s ontology files need to be separated by namespace,' and 'Different types of file system objects'"
    bullet4: "Discussed concept coverage (MVP) reporting and concept item: Chain of Custody"
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-09-26
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1URBolIpk4o7iYHWGWjWshVdur5Z60qzj
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: CASE Treasurer Updates
    bullet2: Around the Table - CASE Directors
    bullet3: Membership requests
    bullet4: CASE Adoption Committee Charter by MITRE
    bullet5: Ontology Committee & UCO Updates
    bullet6: Annual Election Prep
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-10-10
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: UCO is working to create a new CASE turtle file
    bullet2: Established voting procedure for OC voting matters (need at least 3 classes to vote the affirmative)
    bullet3: Opened the Operations Guide for comment collection
    bullet4: Held Requirements Review for CDR-1, “CASE representation of Confidence”
    bullet5: Confluence page was created to track all the needed concepts
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-11-20
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=11192pzT1m46VdictLuLyXfdKRkmNAtUl
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Status 2020 Governance Nominations
    bullet2: UCO Community completed UCO SOP
    bullet3: GC Director Updates
    bullet4: OC - biggest action is to produce CASE welcome package
    bullet5: CASE Website updates
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-11-14
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Governance Committee wants to start sending a “Welcome Package” to new CASE members to provide materials/information
    bullet2: Shared development procedures between CASE and UCO were implemented to standardize workflow mechanics between the two ontologies
    bullet3: Introduced the “MVP Coverage” workflow to track MVP progress
    bullet4: Voted on and passed the “Annual CASE Ontology Committee Charter Review” and “Adding ‘present’ to the voting quorum definition in the by-laws”
    bullet5: 'Voted three Change Proposals into Solutions Development. Those CPs included\: “CASE’s ontology files need to be separated by namespace,” “Ontology normalization procedure,” and “Different types of file system objects”'
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-12-12
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Adoption Committee Charter has been put forward for a vote
    bullet2: Change Proposals and Concept Development Requests were moved over to Confluence
    bullet3: CASE and UCO Shared Development Practices were posted to the CASEOntology.org website
    bullet4: Discussed Change Proposal 5, “Qualitative Confidence”
    bullet5: Discussed the possibility of validating instance data using a shape language
    bullet6: Demonstrated the CASE MVP Workflow for MVP development
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2019-12-18
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ZNVn6IMzc50IrDBPd6vr0Lggnjd02tFq
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: CASE OC Chair defining CASE MVP concepts
    bullet2: Ten new members added to the community
    bullet3: UCO Community ratified SOP
    bullet4: GC to vote on adoption of OC charter annual update
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2020-01-14
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: 'Governance held nomination process for Class Representation: one change – Dr. Christopher Hargreaves took over Academia Chair in place of Dr. Sangjin Lee '
    bullet2: Alex Nelson discussed portions of his research that bolster the storage forensic concepts in CASE
    bullet3: UCO developed a change control process similar to CASE’s and transitioned CP-5 to UCO
    bullet4: Three narratives, “UrgentEvidence,” “IR,” and “RejectedEvidence,” were voted into MVP
    bullet5: 'Held Requirements Review for two Change Proposals: “The CASE Ontology README needs to link to its style guidance” and “The CASE examples need to live in a repository that tracks the ontology”'
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2020-01-31
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=11EaIQLWFHxbHjlki4KujzHck59gQu00r
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: New members added to the community
    bullet2: Adoption Committee Charter requires additional updates before voting
    bullet3: Poll created for CASE memebers attending AAFS
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2020-02-11
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Proposed shifting CASE’s scope to focus on the provenance of digital evidence in an investigative standard (device or data source acts as source of digital evidence)
    bullet2: Illustrated JSON-LD’s use of “Binding Rules” to map content of an ontology model to the LD context
    bullet3: Reviewed requirements for Change Proposal-7, “The CASE examples need to live in a repository that tracks the ontology”
    bullet4: Held Solutions Review for Change Proposal-8, “Rename ‘propertyBundle’ label to ‘hasPropertyBundle’ to adhere to best practices in the Style Guidance”
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2020-02-25
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=1w7QNYXrBaB00GEGHzLvzlhXCWk73f0wu
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: CASE talk for Myrtle Beach Techno Security was accepted
    bullet2: DC3 and UNH working together to build machanism to exchange digital forensic artifacts
    bullet3: UCO Community will be working through backlog of Github issues
    bullet4: UCO Community will be working through existing change proposals
- title: Ontology Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2020-03-19
  type: Ontology
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Provided updates on upcoming CASE presentations due to the Covid-19 pandemic
    bullet2: 'Voted two Change Proposals into Solutions Development: “The CASE ontology README needs to link to its style guidance” and “The CASE examples need to live in a repository that tracks the ontology”'
    bullet3: Demoed the new “Examples Gallery” on the CASEOntology.org website
    bullet4: 'Introduced two Topic Narratives for Committee Review: “Narrative-MultipleBrowsers” and “Narrative-Phishing”'
- title: Governance Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2020-03-26
  type: Governance
  materials:
    notes: https://drive.google.com/open?id=12X8jsNPI5fQSI09fkUAb9m1Qy7QKwVCG
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Updates to CASE website added by MITRE team (past meeting minutes and workshop presentations)
    bullet2: Slack community created to provide syncronous or asyncronous communications
    bullet3: Techno Myrtle Beach conference is still on schedule, however the schedule has not been released
    bullet4: OC is in the process of generating the 17 CASE MVP use cases. 11/17 use cases are in draft form
- title: Adoption Committee Virtual Meeting
  date: 2020-04-22
  type: Adoption
  agenda-points:
    bullet1: Purpose and hierarchy of the Adoption Committee
    bullet2: Around the room introductions
    bullet3: Meeting frequency determination (bi-weekly initially)
    bullet4: Eoghan discusses crossover case challenge